# Feedback Collection Tool

Imagine you're in another persons shoes. Imagine you're a startup owner or a product manager. You're someone that has created and deployed some type of application or service. Now maybe your users are making use of your app and service but you noticed that your users seemed to just suddenly stop using your application altogether. And so step one of figuring out why people are quitting your app is you ask why people are quitting. So lets imagine you are a product manager and at some point in time you want to collect some amount of feedback from your users so that you can understand why people are using, not using it and how you can make it better. Ideally, you might decide to send a bunch of emails to your customers, say around 20, 50, or even 1000 that says "hey there, it would be great if you could give me some feedback so I can better understand how you use our app and whether or not you enjoy it". Maybe some number of your customers replied to your email and give you some amount of feedback and you then tabulate or summarize all of that feedback into one result set and you can then user that to somehow make your application or service better with said feedback.

That being said, we're going to be building an application that will allow a startup owner or a product manager to essentially automatically go through this process. Our application is going to be able to send out bulk email messages to numerous users to collect some amount of feedback. At a high level, this is going to be a feedback collection tool which will be targeted to startup owners, product managers, etc., so they can collect feedback from their individual users. This application will be quite diverse in its feature set.

One of the features being able to send out mass emails to product users. Secondly, maybe we don't want to send out these emails for free, so all of a sudden we may need billing inside of this application which would require us to have separate billing account for our end users which would then require authentication as well. Very quickly, we can see that there will various features that will go into this application.

# Tech Stack

Referring to the detailed app overview, when it comes to using Google OAuth to sign in, we'll be making use of an Express back-end server and storing user information inside of Mongo DB. To handle the actual authentication and OAuth process we'll be using a third party library called Passport.js. Passport.js is going to make most of the authentication work easier. Next is handling payments, we wont be taking credit cards numbers direct nor will we take credit cards into our application. Instead, we'll use a third party service called Stripe to handle the billing side of our app. Whenever a user pays us some amount of money, we'll record that amount inside of our Mongo DB. Next, whenever a user attempts to create another campaign or survey, we'll make use of React and Redux. Whenever someone wants to enter a list of emails or some details about what they want to collect as far as surveys and feedback, we'll make use of React, Redux and Redux Form. After we've collected all the information for our campaign to send out, we will send this list of emails to all the surveyees. For that, we'll be using a third party email provider which will take hard integration from our side.

When a surveyee gets the actual email requesting feedback, we need to make sure that we can record the feedback the user presents to us which we'll utilize a combination of our email provider, Express and Mongo DB. To tabulate all feedback given, store it in Mongo DB. Finally, a user can see a report for all of their survey responses. We'll pull out all the feedback that we've been given out of our database and then present it to the user using React + Redux.
